Net Neutrality
Access to information generally, and the Internet in particular, being necessary for the protection of free expression, free though, and free association; no corporation, person, government, or other entity shall, in any manner, throttle, filter, shape, or in any other way interfere with or alter information to or from any destination or source. With the reasonable exceptions of protecting hosts and services, with which one has a significant interest, from malicious attack or similar interference. 

No Gag Orders on Warrants
The right of the people to openly discuss all actions by the government being necessary for the protections of liberty; no warrant, subpoena, or other order targeting at least one Citizen shall be issued by any Local, State, Federal, or other court within the United States that contains any kind of order preventing the target or targets of said order, or third party persons, corporations, or other entities, from opening discussing that said warrant, subpoena, or other order has been issued or executed.

Legislative Compensation
Senators and Representatives shall be compensated no more than ten times the federal minimum wage. 

Election holidays 
1. All State, Local, and Federal elections shall happen on a holiday. If an election is to occur and it is not a holiday it becomes a holiday for all compensation and wage calculation. 
2. For the purposes of employment or similar demands, the act of voting, and the time required to perform said act of voting, shall be guaranteed and exercising the right to vote shall protected from all forms of retaliation. 

Right to Waive legal counsel
No citizen may be proffered, by any government official or agent, to waive the right to an attorney waived without having first discussed the fullness of their case with an attorney representing their interests. 

Limits on pardons
No President or Executive may use the Pardon Power to pardon or commute the sentence for any offense committed by the Executive, the Executive’s family members, or the Executive’s business or political associates, nor may the Executive pardon or commute any offense committed by a person not closely associated with the Executive, but who perpetrated the offense to further the Executive’s interests in any way. For the purposes of this Amendment, any person employed by the Executive, the Executive’s family, or the Executive’s business interests, in a personal, political, or business capacity, whether directly or indirectly, is an associate.
